Q: When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

A: At least when I want other people to comment or commit to my work. If I want to
work with the repository anytime and anywhere by pulling it from the remote.
If I cooperate and want to have a better control on the project and its various versions.

Q: Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

A: If Git updated my local repository, It might cause problems with my version
of the code. If I am for example just trying out something new or even planning
to make a new branch out of my changes at the end of the day, Git might ruin my
plans by auto updates.

Q: Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

A: A branch is a new part of a project that you are working on you often have a
master branch which is a working version of the code for example. Then other
branches for experiments, different languages etc.
A fork is made when you want to use an existing repository that in most cases is
created by someone else. A clone is another version of a repository. You might
for example clone a fork on your computer so that you can start to work with it.

Q: What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

A: The answer seems both obvious and obscure. On one hand of course you should
have an as new as possible local copy on your computer. If you work offline, you
can compare the changes you have done to a at least relatively new version.
But I do feel that there might be a reason that I do not understand yet.

Q: How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

A: I think one option is to decide to work on a cooperative project separately
only on different times - quite annoying! You could also use Google Drive or Drop
Box but thy don't have specific code editors. Also the Git version-control system
works in a different way saving a snapshot of your files each time you commit,
not only the differences. I assume this is why it is easier to compare the changes
that have been made. It seems that Git and GitHub have many advantages compared
to other ways I can come up with. I don't know enough of collaboration to make a
reliable comparison though...

Q: When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here
